Update tempo docs (#735)
kiali/kiali.io: content/en/docs/Configuration/p8s-jaeger-grafana/tracing/tempo.md

      # Tempo service name is "query-frontend" and is in the "tempo" namespace.
      # Make sure the URL you provide corresponds to the non-GRPC enabled endpoint
      # It does not support grpc yet, so make sure "use_grpc" is set to false.
      in_cluster_url: "http://tempo-tempo-query-frontend.tempo.svc.cluster.local:3200/"
      provider: "tempo"
      use_grpc: false
      # Public facing URL of Tempo 
      url: "https://tempo-tempo-query-frontend-tempo.apps-crc.testing/"
```

> The default UI for Grafana Tempo is Grafana, so we should also set the Grafana url in the configuration: 

Reviewer: Mention this is just an example (so people don't think they need to copy this exactly) and capitalize "URL".
```suggestion
The default UI for Grafana Tempo is Grafana, so we should also set the Grafana URL in the Kiali configuration, such as this example: 
```

  external_services:
    grafana:
      in_cluster_url: http://grafana.istio-system:3000
      url: https://grafana.apps-crc.testing/
```

#### Set up a Tempo Datasource in Grafana

> We also need to set up a default [Tempo datasource](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/datasources/tempo/) in Grafana: 

Reviewer: This actually is optional, right?  This is only needed in order to see the trace data in the Grafana UI and to fully complete the Kiali integration, as I understand it. So I would just mention this as being "optional" because it is not necessarily required in order for Kiali to work with  Tempo and for Kiali UI itself to show the Tempo traces.

And this screen shot does not show setting it up - this actually shows what Grafana UI looks like AFTER the datasource is set up and you are looking at trace data. So a slight re-wording should be done for that, too, to make it clear what this next screenshot is actually showing.

```suggestion
We can optionally set up a default [Tempo datasource](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/datasources/tempo/) in Grafana so that you can view the Tempo tracing data within the Grafana UI, as you see here: 
```

![Kiali grafana_tempo](/images/documentation/configuration/grafana_tempo_ds.png)

> For this, we go to the Home menu in Grafana, click in _data sources_, and then in the _Add data source_. Select the Tempo data source and fill the values: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set up the Tempo datasource, go to the _Home_ menu in the Grafana UI, click _Data sources_, then click the _Add new data source_ button and select the `Tempo` data source.  You will then be asked to enter some data to configure the new Tempo data source: 
```

![Kiali grafana_tempo](/images/documentation/configuration/tempo_ds.png)

The most important values to set up are the following: 

> - Mark the data source as default, so the url from Kiali redirects properly to the Tempo data source. 
> - Update the http url. This is the internal url of the http tempo frontend service. E.g. `http://tempo-tempo-query-frontend.tempo.svc.cluster.local:3200/`

Reviewer: just capitalizing URL and HTTP:
```suggestion
- Mark the data source as default, so the URL that Kiali uses will redirect properly to the Tempo data source. 
- Update the HTTP URL. This is the internal URL of the HTTP tempo frontend service. e.g. `http://tempo-tempo-query-frontend.tempo.svc.cluster.local:3200/`
```

#### Additional configuration 

> The _Traces_ tab will show your traces in a bubble chart:

Reviewer: Make it clear we have transitioned to talking about the Kiali UI (not the Grafana UI):
```suggestion
The _Traces_ tab in the Kiali UI will show your traces in a bubble chart:
```
